README.md, before:

# Leetcode-pythhon

## Practice Leetcode problem with Python

### Easy finish 37

#### 1. Two Sum

#### 7. Reverse Integer

#### 9. Palindrome Number

#### 13. Roman to Integer

#### 14. Longest Common Prefix

#### 20. Valid Parentheses

#### 21. Merge Two Sorted Lists

#### 26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array

#### 28. Implement strStr()

#### 35. Search Insert Position

#### 53. Maximum Subarray

#### 69. Sqrt(x)

#### 88. Merge Sorted Array

#### 100. Same Tree

#### 101. Symmetric Tree

#### 102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal

#### 104. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree

#### 111. Minimum Depth of Binary Tree

#### 112. Path Sum

#### 118. Pascal's Triangle

#### 121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock

#### 125. Valid Palindrome

#### 155. Min Stack

#### 157. Read N Characters Given Read4

#### 160. Intersection of Two Linked Lists

#### 169. Majority Element

#### 205. Isomorphic Strings

#### 225. Implement Stack using Queues

#### 228. Summary Ranges

#### 293. Flip Game

#### 359. Logger Rate **Limiter**

#### 401. Binary Watch

#### 506. Relative Ranks

#### 566. Reshape the Matrix

#### 657. Robot Return to Origin

#### 703. Kth Largest Element in a Strem

#### 1408. String Matching in an Array


### Medinum finish 34

#### 2. Add Two Numbers

#### 8. String to Integer (atoi)

#### 15. 3Sum

#### 32. Longest Valid Parentheses

#### 33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array

#### 34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array

#### 39. Combination Sum

#### 46. Permutations

#### 50. Pow(x, n)

#### 55. Jump Game

#### 62. Unique Paths

#### 74. Search a 2D Matrix

#### 78. Subsets

#### 79. Word Search

#### 80. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II

#### 81. Search in Rotated Sorted Array II

#### 86. Partition List

#### 90. Subsets II

#### 92. Reverse Linked List II

#### 94. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal

#### 95. Unique Binary Search Trees II

#### 96. Unique Binary Search Trees

#### 98. Validate Binary Search Tree

#### 103. Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal

#### 105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal

#### 106. Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal

#### 120. Triangle

#### 127. Word Ladder

#### 131. Palindrome Partitioning

#### 130. Surrounded Regions

#### 133. Clone Graph

#### 144. Binary Tree Preorder Traversal

#### 146. LRU Cache

#### 307. Range Sum Query - Mutable


### Hard finish 7

#### 23. Merge k Sorted Lists

#### 32. Longest Valid Parentheses

#### 45. Jump Game II

#### 84. Largest Rectangle in Histogram

#### 57. Insert Interval

#### 126. Word Ladder II

#### 145. Binary Tree Postorder Traversal

### Total finish 78

Commit message:

Leetcode 448. Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array

README.md, after:

# Leetcode-pythhon

## Practice Leetcode problem with Python

### Easy finish 38

#### 1. Two Sum

#### 7. Reverse Integer

#### 9. Palindrome Number

#### 13. Roman to Integer

#### 14. Longest Common Prefix

#### 20. Valid Parentheses

#### 21. Merge Two Sorted Lists

#### 26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array

#### 28. Implement strStr()

#### 35. Search Insert Position

#### 53. Maximum Subarray

#### 69. Sqrt(x)

#### 88. Merge Sorted Array

#### 100. Same Tree

#### 101. Symmetric Tree

#### 102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal

#### 104. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree

#### 111. Minimum Depth of Binary Tree

#### 112. Path Sum

#### 118. Pascal's Triangle

#### 121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock

#### 125. Valid Palindrome

#### 155. Min Stack

#### 157. Read N Characters Given Read4

#### 160. Intersection of Two Linked Lists

#### 169. Majority Element

#### 205. Isomorphic Strings

#### 225. Implement Stack using Queues

#### 228. Summary Ranges

#### 293. Flip Game

#### 359. Logger Rate **Limiter**

#### 401. Binary Watch

#### 448. Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array

#### 506. Relative Ranks

#### 566. Reshape the Matrix

#### 657. Robot Return to Origin

#### 703. Kth Largest Element in a Strem

#### 1408. String Matching in an Array


### Medinum finish 34

#### 2. Add Two Numbers

#### 8. String to Integer (atoi)

#### 15. 3Sum

#### 32. Longest Valid Parentheses

#### 33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array

#### 34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array

#### 39. Combination Sum

#### 46. Permutations

#### 50. Pow(x, n)

#### 55. Jump Game

#### 62. Unique Paths

#### 74. Search a 2D Matrix

#### 78. Subsets

#### 79. Word Search

#### 80. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II

#### 81. Search in Rotated Sorted Array II

#### 86. Partition List

#### 90. Subsets II

#### 92. Reverse Linked List II

#### 94. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal

#### 95. Unique Binary Search Trees II

#### 96. Unique Binary Search Trees

#### 98. Validate Binary Search Tree

#### 103. Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal

#### 105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal

#### 106. Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal

#### 120. Triangle

#### 127. Word Ladder

#### 131. Palindrome Partitioning

#### 130. Surrounded Regions

#### 133. Clone Graph

#### 144. Binary Tree Preorder Traversal

#### 146. LRU Cache

#### 307. Range Sum Query - Mutable


### Hard finish 7

#### 23. Merge k Sorted Lists

#### 32. Longest Valid Parentheses

#### 45. Jump Game II

#### 84. Largest Rectangle in Histogram

#### 57. Insert Interval

#### 126. Word Ladder II

#### 145. Binary Tree Postorder Traversal

### Total finish 79
